welcome to my gin Palace I'm not sure if
that's the right way to describe it but
yeah coming up on up wow it's not my
normal things take you straight to the
bedroom but as it's the first thing
along this is obviously much nicer than
we normally get when we get to hotel oh
yeah damn red nice and air conditioning
got my own suite as well is this what
you would call a shag pile that is and
it's got a little bit of pink and
apparently that's very fitting for me so
so it's just amazing bit kit really nice
motor home and apt to have it in the in
the pits and you know 20 meters away
from the team and I can just relax and
get away from the normals don't know how
many people can get in that shower well
we can always try but i would say at
least four but the thing is a race
weekend is only going to be hairy-arsed
mechanics they're gonna come in they're
sort of things like pairing together
yeah so I'm gonna try and avoid that as
much as I can but it's just again after
a race you normally want to sort dry off
from all the sweat everything else and
that you know we don't normally have
sharing facility so to be able to just
come over here change have a shower get
back into clean race gear it's a it's a
really nice
let alone wow this is quite special the
nicest thing is obviously got the UK
channel so at least is its hunger from
home and I brought some DVDs with me so
i'll be watching those tonight when the
paddocks gone quiet because the moment
we're surrounded by a lot of the tire
i'm itchin adjust their I've got the
Maseratis some extra trucks they were
all there so there's a lot of noise and
bits and bobs can see saying here by
yourself this evening I am here tonight
on my own and tomorrow night and then
obviously on Sunday night flying back
over to the UK it's nice to have a bit
of a place just too yeah there is a
kitchen not that I'm going to do much
cooking a tool while I'm here because we
got all the hospitality that the team
gets yeah so one of his anything else
but it's just a game having the chance
to come here have a cup of tea yeah wow
you could get somebody into may become
well look like a chef the dumb ones
offering at the moment this is peers who
has kindly lent me the motor home for
the weekend from physically loud who
have created this magnificent vehicle
really so thank you very much it's been
brilliant you for the positive comments
and it just goes to show your McLaren
days paid off tonight I'm sure they
don't be a fee somewhere on the line
yeah it was very funny when you'll see
how the blue you had a sort of an email
saying about yeah my email I didn't like
but the email about you know doing a
Bora the motor home for the weekend it
is I yeah great and then obviously saw
some pictures about what the motrin was
nice wow it's a great Mickey and I do
hope that the the partying attitude has
changed from those mclaren died there
was never any partying and even now
there's no party and okay you're a
dedicated replace but that's why i like
you a little bit in the fridge because
there's loads of beer in there so you
obviously yeah remember the work you've
had it back on yeah so internet
hmm yeah welcome it was all right yeah
there was a lot more but else this
morning so I mean there's one final rule
Oh which would be the guest bedroom and
two single beds come down there and then
there's another ensuite plus not that
again I'm going to use it but we've got
washing machine and tumble dryer and
everything very good so all in all it's
a fantastic Vicki well thank you darren
hope you enjoy this weekend thank you
very much well he's done nice and
relax with the weekend before it stops
yeah exactly thank you